---
layout:     post
title:     Programmer Heaven
subtitle:  Programmer Heaven
date:       2018-10-26
author:     张宁
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Blatter
---
## Web Site Descriptions
The website has two or three online competitions every month, and the contestants are ranked according to the results of the competition. Participants can choose Java, C++, C#, VB or python to program according to their own preferences. Participants must complete three questions of different difficulty in 1 hour and 15 minutes. The time of completion of each question determines the score of the question in the programming section. The game can be divided into three parts: the coding phase, the challenge phase and the system test phase. There is more Challenge Phase than ACM / ICPC. This part is for the participants to browse the source code of other participants assigned in the same room, and then try to find out There was an error and a test parameter was raised to make it impossible to pass the test. If an entrant's program cannot pass the test of someone else or the system, the entrant's score on this topic will be zero. For the specific rules of the game, see the public on the website.
## Legitimate
The above information is mainly for the algorithm competition part of TopCoder, but in fact it is far more than this.
## For 
TopCoder is a website for graphic designers and programmers. It uses games, ratings, and rewards to attract a lot of graphic designers and programmers to work amateurs. Since the main area is in programming, the main content described below is in programming.
## Boot for our self
What is TopCoder? I am going to answer a question first: What benefits does TopCoder bring to its various customers?
For those who are passionate about challenges, TopCoder is a website for Coder to challenge themselves. In addition to hosting two annual multi-match tournaments, TopCoder also hosts regular competitions that allow participants to solve algorithmic problems of varying complexity as quickly as possible. Winners in the regular season and tournaments will receive a cash prize. Participants receive both money and honor.
For those seeking part-time jobs, TopCoder is a part-time website for software development. Taking the programming work as an example, his process is as follows: provide a work list -> user pick up work -> submit after a week -> score. The first place in the score is $500 (the component class is generally $800); the second place is $250 (the component class is generally $400, other positions don't get bonuses, but some components will be difficult or urgent) Sexually raises this amount. Similarly, some components will lower the bonus because of the lower difficulty. The types of work include: system design, code writing, module testing, etc. After a period of familiarity, university students and amateur developers are all You can get a part-time bonus on the website).
 For TopCoder's customer enterprise, it is an excellent software developer or coding work outsourcer. Due to its standardization process and redundancy mechanism for each module programming (multiple people in the same module are developed at the same time, preferred), TopCoder can press on time. Quality software development services for customers.
For each software company, TopCoder is an excellent human resources company, which brings together many experts in the world. Through this platform, software companies can obtain excellent Coder information and recruit employees from it. Companies such as Google and Microsoft have sought out outstanding designers on TopCoder. Similarly, on the other hand, it provides an opportunity for candidates to show themselves. So what is the essence of TopCoder? I think it's a software development company that uses a novel model. He doesn't fully employ fixed employees, mainly through the Internet, using registered users around the world to participate in development. The core is to turn the software development work originally organized through the enterprise form into a market form. Change, through the network and software engineering specifications, formed a market with single module development as a service commodity, Global Coder can provide goods and services (design scheme, module code, module evaluation) in this market, and TopCoder becomes the commodity Buyer.
The adoption of a contractual form depends on the comparison of transaction costs between different contracts. In the conventional software industry, due to the high transaction costs, the market for goods and services (design solutions, module code, module evaluation) required by software companies is difficult to exist, including: difficulty in coordination, quality monitoring, and module code provision. Business contacts and so on. Since the product is difficult to obtain through the form of market contract, the software enterprise adopts the form of enterprise contract, recruiting personnel enters the enterprise, and provides the goods and services required by the enterprise in the form of employees. TopCoder uses the maturity of network and software engineering theory to externalize the software development work completed by employees within the company, reducing the transaction costs in the form of market, making market purchases better than the internalization of enterprises.
## Income for them self
How does TopCoder reduce market transaction costs? What is the benefit compared to the organizational form of the company?
First, TopCoder uses its experience and technology in software engineering to standardize services and products, resulting in significantly lower communication costs. TopCoder's software development process, including system design, code writing, module testing, etc., between each link, TopCoder has designed standardized documents, all the communication content required between the upstream and downstream links are presented through the document. Through this form of standardization, each link staff can work without communication with upstream and downstream staff, and the final product that the final staff handed over to TopCoder is also given in the form of a standard document. Due to standardization, the independence of the goods made it possible for registered users of TopCoder to provide goods for them.
Secondly, due to the standardization of commodities, the quality evaluation indicators for each product can be standardized (module operation speed, stability, etc.). Therefore, with the quality evaluation indicators of commodities, the pricing and preferential procurement of commodities become possible. TopCoder converts the evaluation metrics into a total score, with a total score of $1,000 for the first purchase and a $500 purchase for the second. Because of the clear indicators, commodity providers are also able to gradually improve the quality of the goods they provide. Compared with the production of the enterprise form, since only one person is completed for each job, the quality cannot be compared and the optimal cannot be selected. Moreover, as a knowledge-based work, software development work is difficult to accurately price employees' performance, and the supervision cost is also quite high, while the market form avoids the above transaction costs.
Third, the network makes global sourcing of standardized goods possible. TopCoder purchases goods without shipping, and there are significant price differences around the world. The labor costs of China and India are much lower than those of Europe and the United States, so the price of goods that commodity providers want is also very low. In the past, in order to obtain the labor cost advantage of developing regions, companies must go to the local branch to open a branch, which brings a considerable amount of additional costs. And TopCoder purchases through the network without any additional cost. In fact, among the registered users currently developing on TopCoder, Chinese and Indian users account for a large portion.
In addition, the psychological contract between TopCoder and registered users is quite different from the psychological contract between the company and employees. As a registered user of TopCoder, it expects to obtain not only money, but also the university students and amateurs who are the target audience. They also expect to receive honor, work experience, ability improvement, and even before, they enter well-known Opportunities for IT companies. Therefore, even if only the top two can get bonuses, there are still many users involved in the undertaking. Because of these added value, TopCoder is actually lower than its cash value in terms of the purchase price of the goods.
In summary, TopCoder has changed the conventional production methods by exploiting the development of network technology. In fact, this model is likely to be promoted in other industries. For knowledge-based work, it is entirely possible to apply this model (eg, the design work of daily necessities) through process design and strict interface definition. C2C has changed the way people participate in trade, so that individual market information (commodity price difference) can be quickly converted into profit, and TopCoder's model may change the way people participate in production, so that individuals can easily provide knowledge work products.